I bought these pacifiers off the shelf not giving any notice to the brand.  The original maker of this design is The First Years, not Avent.  So when I saw this on the shelf, I was misled because Phillips Avent is making a pacifier which looks exactly like the green pacifier that First Years used to make.  This may not be a big deal to anyone else (or their baby), but my baby knew the difference & wanted nothing to do with the Avent brand paci.  When I compared the two, I noticed that the Avent brand paci was slightly harder than The First Years brand.  With The First Years, my baby could chomp down easier & get better suction too.  Our hospital gave out The First Years brand, and that is all my daughter will take now.  At 4 months old, this particular brand did not work for us, but that doesn't mean it won't work for you.  But if your baby is picky, I would stick to the original brand if you know that's what (s)he likes.<br /><br />Note: Though she always prefers her green First Years brand, now at 9 months, baby is accepting the Avent brand.<br /><br />UPDATE:  FIRST YEARS does not make this paci at all anymore.  It seems AVENT has the manufacturing  rights.<br />My original review of this product is a bit old.  I want to say that the green pacifiers have been great, and of all the ones on the market, this is the only one she will take... even if there was a small adjustment period when the new brand took over.  I think it's important to note that the 0-3 Months pacifiers are preferable to her because they are softer.  When I tried buying the paci for older babies, she spit it out & simply could not get good suction.  It seemed too hard & uncomfortable for her.  Anyway, at 18 months old, she was still using this green 0-3 month paci, and we will ween her off the paci soon.  Right now it's a great soother while she is teething, as nothing else works.  I do believe though, that the shape of the nipple on this paci has caused her front teeth to grow inpronounced curve shape.
