I spent several thousand dollars on Samsung appliances as part of a kitchen remodel in Oct11.  In May I noticed that when I opened the door of the microwave it appeared to have a short (a bright light flashed then went out).  It still heated but as I thought it might be a fire hazard I contacted Samsung.  They set me up with a service repair company that had a poor rating on Angie's list.  A guy came out, dismantled it and said a key part needed to be replaced (he noted 'switches' on the service order dated May 15th).  He said it would take 3-5 days so he came back a week later, without the part, saying he just need to tighten some wires.  It worked for a few weeks, then started to heat only intermittently.  Called the service company again, and a guy came out and jiggled the door, saying there was a problem with the switches, but that they didn't need to be replaced.  It worked again for a few weeks, where I had to keep jiggling the door, and finally stopped heating altogether.  Now, knowing that there was a problem with the switches, I expected the guy to arrive with the needed part.  He came but again, no part, saying he just wanted to confirm it was the switches and that the part had already been ordered.  After not hearing anything for a few weeks, I called back and was told that 'Sharp parts were backordered'.  When I told her it was a Samsung, she didn't look up my order but just said she would look into it and call me back.  After not hearing anything again, I called back and she said the same thing (Sharp is back-ordered, correction it's Samsung)and said she would call me back.  Again didn't hear back so called Samsung.  The escalation department reviewed the situation and I was put in for an exchange because the process had gone on so long.  She said I would get a call from someone who would review options with me (when I asked what the options would be she didn't know--why is that?).  Instead, I got a call from Samsung a week later saying that the servicecompany had miraculously received the part and they wanted to schedule a service call.  I told her I had been put in for an exchange and she insisted that I again deal with this disreputable service company.  I refused, and since I didn't have the Transaction # she said she would call me back today.  She didn't call this morning when she said she would so I called Samsung.  Just got off the phone with Samsung, who refuses to replace my microwave.  It just seems to be a game of stringing customers along with vague and misleading promises.  The only 2 service companies they have for this area have F ratings on Angie's list.<br />I had a similar situation occur with my 1 month old stove back in December, which broke on Xmas Eve.  After 3 months of fighting with Samsung Best Buy finally felt sorry for me and gave me a new stove.<br />After spending thousands of dollars on Samsung appliances I expected more from Samsung.<br />I would stay away from Samsung or if you do purchase an appliance from them, get an independent warranty.  Customer service is a problem area for them.
