I got this dryer for my wife as she has fine, relatively delicate hair and every dryer she has ever used has made it dry and harder to manage (in the past I heard many complaints). Did this dryer fare any better? Well she hasn't had that problem with this dyer, and to me that's saying A LOT.<br /><br />John Frieda is a salon product label not an appliance manufacturer, but they seem to have chosen quite well the bathroom appliance to put their name on. It's well designed, attractive, and (most importantly) well-built and effective as what it's designed to be used for. As my wife is the hair-care expert I relied on her expert experience with this device for the bulk of the info for this review. But for the record, here's my two cents: Her hair looks less damaged, smoother and softer, has less split ends, and in general looks healthier with use of this device. The only downside I can see is that it IS a bit large. Now on to her opinions...<br />The number one thing my wife said she likes about the dryer is the ample number of heat and speed settings. These allow you to customize the dryer to your specific hair texture in order to dry your hair as quickly as possible, with the least damage done. It also has a cold shot button, a feature she would like better if it had a lock. It gets tiring trying to hold the button continually.<br /><br />She also likes that it comes with three attachments (a diffuser and two concentrators). These are made of sturdy plastic, and are very easy to snap on and off the nozzle. However, they do heat up very quickly during use so switching between them while blow drying can be a little uncomfortable. The device also has a nice long power cord which is convenient.<br />The only really `con' with this dryer would be its size. We have very limited storage space in my bathroom and this dryer takes up a lot of space. However, considering everything else this dryer has to offer it's not a deal breaker in the least. I would recommend this dryer to anyone looking for a fast and effective dryer, that won't cause a lot of damage to your hair, (even with daily use). Especially recommended to people with fine or delicate hair. It's an excellent value for a great price. Well done John Frieda!and effective dryer, that won't cause a lot of damage to your hair, (even with daily use). Especially recommended to people with fine or delicate hair. It's an excellent value for a great price. Well done John Frieda!
