I have spent the past few months researching several different hair dryers and finally decided on this one. I'm so glad I did! I have super thick, coarse, long, wavy/curly hair and have been using a cheap drugstore dryer for the past several years. I'm not sure why I never realized that a good hair dryer could make such a difference, but I really wish I had figured it out sooner! I learned this lesson a few years ago when it comes to hair straighteners; I have the T3 Mane Tamer that I absolutely adore. So, I started there. T3 has a few different dryers, all with positive ratings, and all VERY expensive. I wasn't convinced that it would be worth it to spend that much. I read through tons of reviews for this Onei hair dryer and was happy with the positive reviews and the price. It arrived quickly and I couldn't wait to get it out of the box and use it! Normally, I spend a good half hour to 45 mins just getting my hair dry--not blowing it out, not using any brushes or styling tools/techniques, just getting it dry so that I can use my flat iron. The result (before flat ironing) is what I like to call my &#34;white girl afro&#34;--it is big, it is fluffy and it is crazy!<br />After reading some reviews and Q&As, I switched on the negative ion button, got my round brush and went to town. I could not believe how smooth my hair got just from blowing it dry. My technique was sadly out of practice and I did end up using my flat iron on a few spots, but I think that was entirely user error and expect it to get better with a little practice. I really believe that, once I get used to blowing my hair out again, I will be able to dry and style my hair with no flat iron required!!<br />My hair was so smooth and VERY shiny in the end, I was so happy with it. The dryer itself is lightweight and comfortable to hold and use and I love all the options it has with heat/cool, fan speed, etc. The buttons are perfectly located for my taste, not in the way at all and no risk of accidentallypushing buttons while using. I also love that there is both a cool shot (if you just need a quick blast of cool air) and a cool temperature setting (for when you want cool air for an extended period of time). I was also really impressed with how quiet this dryer is. When I first turned it on, it actually made me a little nervous because it was so quiet and I was afraid it wouldn't be very powerful, but that is definitely not the case--plenty of power without all the noise.<br />I am very, very happy with this hair dryer and would absolutely recommend it.
