We installed Sharp model KB6524 in June 2009 during a kitchen remodel. Every appliance in our kitchen is new and this particular appliance is my favorite due to the uniqueness and convenience of this model. This microwave has exceeded our expectations in every way. One of the reasons we bought this microwave was that we needed a microwave that would fit under the countertop so our kids could reach it. It is also nice that the door slides open and I can reach down to lift out the food instead of having to reach up at face level and lift food out and down. I liked the unique concept of a drawer that pulls open instead of a door that pops open. I was a little concerned about reviews on earlier models that the auto open and close function on this microwave has a tendency to break. However, it seems that Sharp decided to manufacture this one so it closes with a button or by pushing or pulling on it to eliminate that problem. I was also concerned that it didn't have a piece in it that rotates the food. So, we were surprised to find that none of the food we have cooked has hotspots (note: I only use my microwave for reheating...not cooking). I LOVE this microwave. I had considered purchasing the 30 but decided that it was unlikely that I would need to put a dish in the microwave that was bigger than 24. So far, this has been the perfect size. It is even tall enough that I can put my portable mug in it to heat up my tea. Also, my lovely daughter did not know that you can't put metal in the microwave. She put her fork in with her plate. Surprisingly, the microwave did not arch. We checked the manual and it said you can even use aluminum foil to cover portions of meat. Not sure how they do it, but I'm not likely to try it. The microwave seems fine after the fork episode. This microwave also has programmable features such as softening ice cream. It asks what size of ice cream then sets the time as appropriate. It's a nice feature but I'm not usually softening a whole tub ofice cream. Just a portion of a tub. One other feature I use frequently, pushing the power button after closing the drawer will turn on the microwave in one minute increments. As an example, pushing the button 3 times will equate to 3 minutes. This is a pricey microwave but has been well worth the expense in our experience. I highly recommend this microwave!
