My daughter refuses to eat more than an ounce or so every few hours, even when she was starving (been like that since she was born, she actually refused to eat the first 72 hours. Guess she never really caught onto the whole sucking thing) and would not accept any type of pacifier(like many parents we bought every pacifier on the market). That was until a friend told us they had a similar dilema and bought us a pack to try out. She absolutely loves them! They are perfect hold overs for until she really wants to eat.    These pacifiers are one piece and without the plastic guard. The advantage to this is that it reduces the chances of nasties lurking in the seams/cracks of where the plastic joins the nipple from improper washing or not sterilizing. Unless you are disassembling your childs two piece pacifier(plastic from nipple) and cleaning it, you're not cleaning it as well as your tell yourself.    Some  perhaps your child shouldn't be using them. These are NEWBORN PACIFIERS as stated on the package. If your child is not a NEWBORN then it's probably best to move onto other pacifiers more appropriately sized for your child. Everyone is different but I have a hard time believing a NEWBORN(as these are made for NEWBORNS) can swallow the entire pacifier. I've tried and had trouble myself.    Other complaints about the lack of 'bulbing' at the tip of the pacifier which makes it difficult for the newborn to hold in it's mouth is nothing more than laziness. Pay your child more attention. If your child is sucking her thumb(or mittens, sleeves, blankie, what have you) then she/he is  either hungry or wants comfort. If you're sticking a pacifier in a NEWBORNs mouth just so you don't have to listen to them cry, it's probably a good time to rethink your methods of raising a child. A pacifier is a great way to comfort or help increase her appetite(we used these to increase her appetite and get her in the habit of sucking so she would eat more) but should not be used simply as adistraction so you don't have to deal with them.     Lastly, people say these are ugly as sin. I agree, but your child doesn't care:) Just like all the decorations or excessive amount of money you can spend on newborn clothing, your child does not care.    If it works, it work. Every child is different. For our kid that had trouble grasping the 'sucking' motions for the first few months(whether it was breastfeeding or the Playtex slow flow latex wide nipples which are the absolute slowest nipples around!), these helped her become strong and healthy!
