My old Con-Air finally bit the dust. I had been impressed with my hair stylist's hair dryer, but I knew such an expensive unit was out of my budget. However, I was willing to spend a little more than $20 on a drugstore hair dryer that, hopefully, would last a bit longer this time. I have very short, very, very fine hair. When it was longer, I used to require a diffuser since it is naturally wavy; however, with my current pixie cut, I knew I only really needed a unit that came with a concentrator nozzle. Because of the short-length and fineness of my hair, I also wanted a unit that had a good range of temperatures and speeds. A lot of what's available on the market now is too hot and too powerful for my hair. I did a bit of research for hair dryers that matched my criteria and finally settled on this. The extremely positive reviews left by other Amazon customers gave me confidence I had made a good decision.<br /><br />Happily enough, turns out I was correct! This unit feels solid. It is well-constructed, and doesn't have the &#34;hot spots&#34; like my old Con-Air did that caused its paint to flake off everywhere. It is a touch heavier than my old dryer, but I like the way it feels in my hand. The bit of added weight does not make the unit any more difficult to use. It is also powerful! The motor on this dryer is of much better quality than any I've used previously, causing an increase of air throughput that allows the unit to dry hair very quickly. Paradoxically, this unit performs much better than any 1875 W hair dryer I've ever used, and yet it is much, much quieter, and range of airflows gives it finesse. It comes with 3 different temperature settings and 3 different airflow settings, and I have found the medium temperature and medium airflow to be perfect for my needs. If you use the highest temperature setting, it will get hot! So if you need the high temp and high power, it is definitely there for you. It also comes with a concentrator nozzle, the output width of which in my opinion, is the perfect length. Some nozzles tend to be exorbitantly wide, which is probably fine if you have a lot of hair. But the output width of this nozzle is only around 2&#34;, perfect for a shortie like me.<br /><br />What more can I say? I am extremely happy with this purchase. It does arrive in a box that looks like it came straight out of the late 80s/early 90s, which I just found to be humorous. It is very no-muss, no-fuss, and I don't even think mine had packaged instructions with it. But it works just as well as my stylist's professional dryer and at a terrific price point. I would buy again in a heartbeat (but hopefully I won't have to, at least for a long, long time).
