Purchased this product from Warehouse Deals (Fulfilled by Amazon) which was advertised as USED but in GOOD condition, microwave oven arrived April 28, 2012. The product did not work and the door was damaged. Contacted GE Tech support who dispatched a repair tech to my home on May 1, 2012, who indicated the door was bent and the microwave had internal damage. He also stated he would ship the parts to my home and when they arrived to call GE for him to return. On May 5, 2012 the parts arrived, notified GE immediately and a tech representative  would be responding Monday May 7, 2012. I don't know if this product  had damage before it was shipped by Warehouse Deals or it was destroyed in transit by UPS. I will keep this situation updated as time progresses then either keep the rating or change it? Just a note...reading all the bad reviews on this particular GE Profile Spacemaker microwave oven (PEM31SMSS) I'm contemplating  having additional problems with this particular GE microwave. I really had no choice, this unit replaced my old GE Profile Spacemaker microwave (JEM31SF01) that was built into a custom kitchen cabinet; as I required the exact dimensions/screw lineup for the interior metal holding frame and the stainless steel trim covers.<br /><br />Update 5/9/12: The GE technical representative responded to my residence Monday 5/7/2012 who subsequently replaced the front door and some internal electronic parts. The new door still did not align properly with the frame. The rep contacted GE and informed them of the continuous failure of the door not to align correctly. A decision was made to replace the entire unit with a new replacement. I will keep this situation updated if and when the new microwave arrives from GE.<br /><br />Update: 5/17/12: A brand new microwave was delivered to my home and installed by a installation/repair company sub-contracted by GE. One of the installers from this third party company advised me this specific GE Profile Spacemaker microwave oven (PEM31SMSS) is their #1 problematic GE microwave; for the reason that the inside paint peels-off within 3 to 6 months of use. The gentleman also indicated they exchange these microwave's more than any other GE microwave. With all this latest documentation and all the negative reviews on this particular model (PEM31SMSS) what's the probability of my new microwave lasting the test of time???..... Mediocre To Put It Mildly. As I previously indicated, I had no recourse, since I needed a replacement to fit into a custom cabinet, with the correct dimensions/screw lineup for the interior metal holding frame and the stainless steel trim covers; these two items cost more than the entire microwave alone. In conclusion, I would recommend everyone to purchase a different model GE or a different brand all together.oven (PEM31SMSS) is their #1 problematic GE microwave; for the reason that the inside paint peels-off within 3 to 6 months of use. The gentleman also indicated they exchange these microwave's more than any other GE microwave. With all this latest documentation and all the negative reviews on this particular model (PEM31SMSS) what's the probability of my new microwave lasting the test of time???..... Mediocre To Put It Mildly. As I previously indicated, I had no recourse, since I needed a replacement to fit into a custom cabinet, with the correct dimensions/screw lineup for the interior metal holding frame and the stainless steel trim covers; these two items cost more than the entire microwave alone. In conclusion, I would recommend everyone to purchase a different model GE or a different brand all together.
