These little wubbanub's looked like the perfect answer for my three month old - who was constantly losing his binky ALL DAY LONG. I thought it would help him learn to put it back in as well as be weighty enough to lay on his chest in just the right spot - so if he fell asleep he could pop it back in himself. And - believe it or not - it did all those things. HOWEVER - my son totally hated the pacifier. We had been using every brand of binkies, so I figured what's another new brand? Right? WRONG! We had used nuks, playtex, avent, etc. All with no problem but the soothie pacifier attached to this wubbanub is HUGE. I am not kidding. Not just huge on the outside plastered on your little one's face...but huge like a giant long nipple too! Coupled with the fact it was ugly as sin it made for hilarity at starbucks one day when all the other mommies watched in horror as I proudly pulled out my new fancy wubba to give to my little one and he proceeded to choke like a bulimic after thanksgiving. AND, the poor little dude kept giving it the old college try because he wanted the sucker and I let him because I forgot back up. I just kept praying he'd make it work. It was all very sad. Long story much shorter I sent my hubby to babies r' us to pick up as many small stuffed animals as he could find. That weekend I bought velcro and we created our own wubanubs. Here are 3 major benifits to making your own:<br />1) you can detach the pacifier and wash it for REAL. As well as wash the buddy it is attached too! Unlike the wubba. IMPORTANT - The wubbanub DOES NOT come apart ( very gross and stupid)<br />2) you can use whatever brand of pacifier your little one enjoys, a major plus if you actually want this whole learn your paci is attached to a frog thing to work.<br />and<br />3) Compared to the ugly things my little macgyvered knock offs look amazing. AND THAT should tell you something about how hideous these actually are. (Seriously, I am far from ambitious. I don't scrapbook, paint, or even cook anything that requires anything more then buttons on the microwave - so if you do - yours will probably be even more fantastically superior to these little nightmares)<br /><br />I have to say one nice thing though. It truly is a great idea. BUT a better idea is to just make your own.n cook anything that requires anything more then buttons on the microwave - so if you do - yours will probably be even more fantastically superior to these little nightmares)    I have to say one nice thing though. It truly is a great idea. BUT a better idea is to just make your own.
