Okay, so on the cute-factor scale these things are a clear 5 stars.  The little lamb (and it is little) is precious and you can't help but say awww when you first see it.  It's a great concept, and any parent that has played the retrieve the binky game is hoping it will work.  So far for us it's been about 50% successful.  The little lamb's feet are slightly weighted, so if our daughter is lying still in her rumble chair and you get the binky in her mouth and the lamb spread out right it does work.  The problem is at 11 weeks she's not exactly lying still all that often but she doesn't have the hand control to hold on to the lamb.  She still has the whole arms-swinging-wildly startle reflex going, so more often than not she knocks the lamb, which pops the binky out of her mouth, defeating the whole purpose.  She can't control her hands enough yet to then get it back in.<br /><br />On the upside, it does prevent the binky from rolling off onto the floor and it makes it much easier to find and put back in her mouth.  I can see the potential for this product and hope when she gets older and can actually hold on to the lamb it will work.  I'm giving it a 3 star rating for now for cuteness and potential and hope to upgrade to a 4 or 5 star rating in the future.<br /><br />Update: A year later and I'm afraid this little lamb never really worked out for us.  By the time my daughter had enough hand control to no knock the lamb out she was keeping a binky in her mouth more readily and she would grab this little guy to examine and again, pull the binky out of her mouth.  We ended up using binky leashes, which were perfect for our needs.  She recently rediscovered this little guy, and while she's too big to need him, she did enjoy popping the binky in and out of her mouth a few times holding the lamb, but then became angry that the lamb wouldn't give up his prize. =)  At this point, this guy is holding on to one star from us for sheer cuteness and one for what COULD be a great idea for another child, but I'm afraid he never quite worked out for us.  (We have friends who swear by him however, so it may work for your child.)<br /><br />As a note: it would be nice if there was some way to attach and detach the binky.  If she had used this frequently I could see it getting dirty and needing to be washed, which would be tricky without getting laundry detergent on the binky.  On the reverse side, you would want to wash the binky with dish soap but not the lamb.  The only decent solution is to handwash, and what busy parent has time for that?  (Plus at my daughter's current age I could see her loving to carry this little guy around if she could get the binky out of his mouth and it would have been nice to have given the toy a second life.)
