The idea of the product is great. These are wipes that you can use to clean pacifiers, sippy cups, bottle nipples, teethers, or whatever if they happen to fall on the ground (or get thrown...) and you are nowhere near a source of water or soap and can rinse things. They come in a convenient little package, they are disposable, and fit into a diaper bag along with the several other different types of wipes a mom must carry around with her.<br /><br />I purchased these initially from Amazon once, because I had never seen them in stores. Immediately after receiving them in the mail I noticed them in stores, for a significantly lower price than what I had paid. So I stopped buying them on here. I also now prefer [[ASIN:B004HM368U Munchkin 36 Pack Arm and Hammer Pacifier Wipes, White]] instead of the First Years ones.<br /><br />First of all, these are indeed wonderful for when you are not near soap and water and can't rinse things off. But for most people, that is not really often enough to justify the purchase of the wipes or having to carry them around with everything else crammed into a diaper bag. In most situations where I couldn't rinse off something in a sink I didn't have these wipes, I usually had a bottle of water I could pour over the item to rinse it. That's not to say that these aren't useful if maybe you are on a long road trip with few rest areas where you can buy water or rinse things in a bathroom sink, or if you are camping, or if your baby is screaming in the middle of the store and you need to sanitize her pacifier quickly and don't have time to dash to the restroom to use the soap and water. In such cases, these are very useful. But its not an everyday occurrence and something to think about before stocking up on multiple packs.<br /><br />There is the issue with the chemicals and the possible residue. That is why I like the Munchkin brand better now, because these left a sort of oily feeling residue and the Munchkin ones left none. But I do prefer an oily residue over possible bacteria or fungus that might have otherwise been on the item. They have an odd scent which I think is some sort of sugary flavor left on the cup or toy or whatever so the baby doesn't taste the cleaning chemicals. I'm not sure if that bothers me or not, as it is probably a necessary evil. Unfortunately it seems that my daughter didn't like the taste because after using the wipes she never wanted her pacifier, and made a disgusted face when pulling it out of her mouth. She stopped using her pacifier at 3 months. So maybe use these to wipe your pacis down when you are trying to wean your child off them.<br /><br />All things considered, these are pretty good for situations when there is no soap and water, but these are definitely not a replacement for soap and water.an oily residue over possible bacteria or fungus that might have otherwise been on the item. They have an odd scent which I think is some sort of sugary flavor left on the cup or toy or whatever so the baby doesn't taste the cleaning chemicals. I'm not sure if that bothers me or not, as it is probably a necessary evil. Unfortunately it seems that my daughter didn't like the taste because after using the wipes she never wanted her pacifier, and made a disgusted face when pulling it out of her mouth. She stopped using her pacifier at 3 months. So maybe use these to wipe your pacis down when you are trying to wean your child off them.<br /><br />All things considered, these are pretty good for situations when there is no soap and water, but these are definitely not a replacement for soap and water.
