I am not a salon styilst, just someone who likes to dry her hair at home at anytime, even at midnight if it is when the time is available. I used to go to a beaty salon to have my hair dry. It took usually 45-50 minutes for my stylist to dry my hair, which is just not long, thick and wavy: I have a lot of it, too (my stylist used to joke saying I had to heads in one, but sometimes another stylist would come to give her a hand... imagine to people pulling at your hair at the same time... it felt as if they were trying to split my head in two, sometimes!). My stylist is great, and became my great friend, but no matter how well she treated my hair, and how many conditioners, etc. I used, my hair got scorched enough that a some of it was always breaking in half, the natural waviness lost in an ugly way (the half of the hair closest to the roots, the other half wavy still... When I had my hair wet, it looked weird).<br /><br />One day I decided to get myself a blowdryer, and got the FHI 2000. Which turned out to be great, and while drying my hair with difficulty at first, because of my lack of practice, I managed. Seating in front of a mirror, I would bravely spent 1 hour drying my hair. It was worth it! My hair changed a lot, and the huge amounts of money I used to spend at the beaty salon were no longer necessary. Once I encountered my former stylist in the supermarket, and she thought I was visiting another beauty salon, she didn't believe me when I told her it was me (she didnt tell me, but from her face I could tell she didnt believe me).<br /><br />After a bit more than 3 years, my FHi dryer fell to the floor and the little fan inside broke. I strongly advise you not to attempt repair with any other generic piece of whatever that is not original or not from the FHI repair service (if they have any, I dont know, because I live in the Caribbean). I did that, and regretted it a lot, since the repaired dryer damaged my hair. I had to condition it lots and lots afterwards, but I have to wait for my hair to outgrow the damage (grrr!).<br /><br />Then I decided to get myself a nice, professional hair drier, and checked the Babyliss Pro with all the great feedback. After using it and learning to manage it (because it is so fast!), I cannot stop myself from congratulating me for my accurate decision! My sister tried it (she has wavy and think hair too), and immediately ordered one for her. I dry my daughter's and mother's hair too. The drying time is much less now, and the hair is great! I notice that while I still have damaged hair from the repaired old dryier, the half hair closer to the roots which is not damaged has remained healthy, keeping its natural waviness for when I decide to let it dry alone.<br /><br />The Babyliss Pro is powerful, fast, and easy to manage. It is a bit smaller in size than the other dryer I had, which is just fine for me. I feel that since the blower is so fast, I can avoid the heat fto touch my hair for so long, thus making a more healthier drying experience for my hair everytime. For your info, I use all the buttons at full speed always. I can have my hair ready in 35-40 minutes.ds, but I have to wait for my hair to outgrow the damage (grrr!).<br /><br />Then I decided to get myself a nice, professional hair drier, and checked the Babyliss Pro with all the great feedback. After using it and learning to manage it (because it is so fast!), I cannot stop myself from congratulating me for my accurate decision! My sister tried it (she has wavy and think hair too), and immediately ordered one for her. I dry my daughter's and mother's hair too. The drying time is much less now, and the hair is great! I notice that while I still have damaged hair from the repaired old dryier, the half hair closer to the roots which is not damaged has remained healthy, keeping its natural waviness for when I decide to let it dry alone.<br /><br />The Babyliss Pro is powerful, fast, and easy to manage. It is a bit smaller in size than the other dryer I had, which is just fine for me. I feel that since the blower is so fast, I can avoid the heat fto touch my hair for so long, thus making a more healthier drying experience for my hair everytime. For your info, I use all the buttons at full speed always. I can have my hair ready in 35-40 minutes.
