This is by far the best microwave I've ever owned, of any size or price, for two reasons: (1) form factor and (2) simplicity of controls. I use a microwave to heat leftovers, cook frozen meals, make popcorn, melt butter or cheese, thaw frozen meat, reheat cold coffee, freshen stale bread of make it into croutons, cook sausages and hot dogs etc. I use this microwave several times per day.  I think my microwave usage is pretty typical.  The only thing I don't do in the microwave is prepare entrees from scratch (like cooking a roast or casserole). I've cooked all sizes of frozen entrees with no issues. Note, my review refers to an earlier model of this machine, which seems identical to this one that has replaced it.<br /><br />(1) Form factor. Because the guts of the machine are under the cooking chamber, this has the smallest possible footprint.  And because of the rounded back, I have it tucked into a corner of the countertop. This means I lose only 1' of countertop, and furthermore it's an awkward part of the countertop I wouldn't use for prep work etc because my elbow would bang into the fridge. Every other microwave I've ever owned took up 2' of prime, useable countertop. This makes such a huge difference in the usability and appearance of the kitchen that I'd give it five stars for this reason alone.<br /><br />The interior size of this machine is bigger than you'd think because it's round and all the space is useable. The round turntable entirely fills the rounded shape of the interior. An advantage of this is that nothing falls off into the corners as it cooks. I've occasionally thawed something bigger then the turntable (the sides and front of the microwave are square so this is possible) and it wasn't a problem.<br /><br />(2) Controls. I love love love the simplicity of the controls. It does exactly everything I need it to do in a way that is completely intuitive and simple. I should mention I own an Emerson microwave in my office that I have never yet beenable to figure out how to operate (and I'm of at least normal intelligence). The hated Emerson has lots of buttons and I'm sure it does a lot of things I don't need, but none of that matters because I'm not willing to learn a complex and counterintuitive interface to cook a frozen lunch entree. This Whirlpool, however, is amazing.  It has Power, Defrost, Reheat and Popcorn buttons, as well as a Plus (+) and Minus (-) and a Start and a Stop. I accomplish everything with the Plus, Minus. Start and Stop, and occasionally Power.<br /><br />To operate, you can just press the Plus until you reach the time you want, then press Start. Bam. You can't get any easier than that. The time increments get larger as you increase time, and this is absolutely not a problem. It uses 5 second increments up to 2 minutes, then 15 second increments to 3 minutes, then 30 second increments up to six minutes, then one minute increments from there. This is fine; I've never had an issue where using 6 or 7 minutes instead of 6.5 minutes caused a meal to fail (my pot pies call for 6.5 minutes at 50% power, and they're fine at either 6 or 7.  When I make popcorn, I always listen to the popping and stop it when it slows. That's because popping times depend much more on the freshness and moisture content of the kernels than the power of the microwave; this is true of every microwave. Similarly, when I'm thawing something I pay attention to the progress of it because again, the fat content of the food and how hard it's frozen makes all the difference in timing. I suspect there are fancy convention microwaves with thermal probes that allow completely mindless use, but that kind of ultra high-end microwave isn't what I want or need.<br /><br />I've been using an earlier model of this microwave for three years with absolutely no problem. I can't speak to specific reliability of the model here, but mine is the same in layout of controls, form factor, etc, so I would not hesitate to buy this one. In factI'm very tempted to buy one of these for the office and get rid of that annoying Emerson once and for all.
