I have fine, wavy, fly-away hair that is prone to bushing and frizzing even in non-humid weather and until I found this dryer nothing could smooth, straighten and calm down this wild animal on my head!    This dryer is like a miracle!  Even in hot, humid weather I can walk outside and not feel my hair shrivel and kink up.  OK, there will be a little frizz, but not anywhere near as much as before.  I'm telling you, if this dryer can work this well on my hair it can work for anyone.  I've tried other expensive dryers that women rave about and they were all a waste of money compared to this one.    First of all, let me warn you that if you are expecting this dryer to be anything like your old dryer you are going to be let down.  In just about every way this dryer makes you think it's not up to the task but if you give it a chance you'll see that it is light years better than anything else out there.    For instance, this dryer does not seem to put out a lot of air.  People tend to think it doesn't have enough power but that's not because it isn't working, it's because it doesn't need to blow your hair to smithereens in order to dry it quickly and thoroughly.  And the benefits from not having to deal with all that wind are amazing.  It actually gives you better control over your hairstyle and doesn't poof up your hair.  If you curl your hair around a barrel brush and pull it tight, then pull verrry slowly down to the ends while following it with the dryer, it will dry your hair far more efficiently and smoothly than if you had to deal with tons of wind blowing your hair all over the place.  The only thing is that it takes some getting used to the lack of wind because you are forced to handle your hair differently.  Once you get the knack of it, though, you will never want to go back to your old dryer again.  I feel so much less stressed out using this dryer, too.  It's quieter, lighter and doesn't require gymnastics to achieve amazing results.    Another thing is thatthe dryer is amazingly light - it weighs just over half a pound!  Again, the control this affords you in being able to hold the dryer at strange angles indefinitely without feeling awkward or tired is amazing.  I used to think that only a professional could dry the hair on the back of my head and style it well, but now I can do it myself to perfection with this dryer.  This dryer is so easy to use you will have more energy when you leave the bathroom.  I'll swear it takes less time to dry my hair, although I haven't estimated by how much.  It feels like it takes about 25% less time than my old dryer, which was also a professional ionic/ceramic dryer.     One thing that is strange about this dryer (but not in a bad way) is that at first I thought I was seeing smoke rising from my hair when I used it.  This alarmed me because I thought I was damaging my hair.  Now I realize that this is most likely the humidity being blown out of my via the miracle of modern science!  It has no smell and it seems like water vapor.  I had seen this effect a bit with my old dryer, but it happens a LOT with this dryer.  All I know is that my hair comes out silky, smooth, and since I've been using it, in MUCH better condition than before.  I sometimes feel like I've used a relaxer on my hair!    The only complaint I have about this dryer is a small one and quite minor in the scheme of things.  The control buttons are in an awkward place on the grip of the handle and it is easy to accidentally turn the dryer off or change the speed or temperature.  There are 2 independent speed controls and 3 temperature controls.    Other than that, I find the lower speed virtually unecessary because the higher speed is versatile enough to use for any purpose.    In general, I would highly recommend this dryer to anyone regardless of their hair issues.  I often see women with thick curly hair act as if their hair type is the hardest to handle and if a dryer can work on them it can work on anyone.  Well, they never had fine, fly-away, kinky, curly, bushy, virtually weightless hair that will not be tamed for love or money like I do, so I often wonder just who has it harder in that department!  But regardless of that, I think that anyone who wants silkier, smoother, straighter hair will be more than happy with their results with this dryer.  Personally, when I have seen bad reviews of this dryer I think it's because the person hasn't learned how to use it yet and is expecting it to act like the average hair dryer.  If you have that reaction I would suggest taking some lessons in blow drying techniques because I am pretty sure that will solve your problem.  This dryer has taught me so much about how to dry my hair successfully that I am almost in debt to it for an education as well.  Now if they can only come out with a model that will shine shoes too!  ;-)    UPDATE May, 2008:  I have now owned this blow dryer for about a year and despite daily use it's still going strong with absolutely NO issues whatsoever and I am still thrilled with its performance!
