I purchased this model in stainless steel three years ago. Problems I found with it were mostly concerning the sensor cooking being completely inaccurate. Some items cooked or were warmed too little and some were much too hot. It was easier to simply time it myself.    But the straw that broke the camel's back for me on this unit was how long it lasted. It simply quit heating last week after being 35 months old. Everything else works but nothing gets warmed or cooked, leading me to believe the magnetron went bad. The microwave comes with a one year parts and labor warranty and a ten year parts only warranty on the magnetron. In speaking to an authorized repair center for Samsung, I was told I would pay a $99 trip charge to determine what is wrong, and if it is the magnetron, an order would be placed with Samsung for the part which will take three to six weeks to arrive and then I would have to pay another trip charge and labor to R & R the magnetron. Bottom line - even with the magnetron warranty, it will cost me more than I paid for the microwave to repair it.    I have had several microwaves since 1978 when they became popular. I have never had one that lasted less than 10 years. When this one went bad last week, I pulled out a countertop model Sharp Carousel that I bought 15 years ago and am using it, still working perfectly. I went to Lowe's where I purchased the unit and told the salesman that I went all Samsung three years ago while remodeling my kitchen and am now worried about the other units, particularly the refrigerator because it is making noise that it shouldn't. He told me that he has had more complaints about Samsung microwaves than any other brand and any other kind of appliance, and the only kind of appliance that Samsung has not had numerous complaints on is their ranges.    I have had serious issues with Samsung's customer service in the past due to owning many of their electronics. If you read any reviews about their service after the sale, you will find it is virtually nonexistent. But I wrote an email to Samsung letting them know that in my opinion, a microwave should last longer than three years and am very disappointed with the product. Naturally, I have not received a response of any kind.    I strongly suggest anyone considering buying a Samsung microwave to look elsewhere. They are not built to last and getting service after the sale from them is impossible.
