My wife bought this microwave locally.    Her story:  - - -  I was unpacking it and I reached inside to remove the shipping cardboard.  Then I see some cardboard on the side and I took my fingernail and lifted it, and tore it out. Then I see a bunch of holes and a hole at the top where the cardboard was. Uh-oh! What did I just do? It is as thin as the cardboard on a school notebook, the thin kind, but it is silver in the light.  It looks like cardboard when you open the door. But how can that be, that I could take my fingernail and rip it out? And this is supposed to last for how long?    I called Whirlpool customer service, and the rep said she will send me the part. Then her manager said they don't have any parts so there is nothing they can do because I broke it. What? I ripped it with my fingernails and you are telling me this would have lasted how long anyhow?    I politely asked to speak with the supervisor. That took 15 minutes and he was so arrogant. But mam, you broke it. IT LOOKED LIKE cardboard and I ripped it with my fingernail. There is nothing we can do for you.    I can't take it back because the local store said that Whirlpool won't take it back. I will run the microwave until it dies and NOT BUY ANOTHER THING FROM WHIRLPOOL. I will call the attorney general and make a complaint against them.    I will never buy this again, or any appliance from Kitchenaid, Whirlpool, or Maytag! (And we currently have a refrigerator and dishwasher from them.)  - - -    I wish we would have bought this through Amazon.  At least then we would have a better chance to return it.    We got this one because we are replacing a Samsung microwave oven which was fantastic.  I would say it was at least 15 years old.  It had the controls along the top which was a terrific approach to making a compact, usable microwave with a small horizontal footprint and large interior.  Samsung no longer makes a similar design.    The only microwave ovens we've been able to find with a numeric keypad on the top are commercial versions which run over $800.  We hoped this one would be acceptable, but it's not.  The controls on the bottom are even worse than the side from a usability point of view.  We find ourselves bending over to see the labels on the buttons.  We really miss the numeric keypad, also.  With your head higher than the microwave, it makes so much sense to present the controls closer to your eyes.    This was a big mistake.
