A month ago I reviewed this product with the title, A piece of crap (see below review).  After this review I decided to contact the Remington online customer service and sent them a message with my complaint.  Shortly thereafter I received an email from them asking me to return the broken one and they would send a replacement.  They sent the shipping box and the label as well and within 10 days I had a new dryer that I have been using since with no problems.  Granted it has only been a month but I was very impressed with Remington.  I just hope that no one there was injured when testing the dryer (lol)... it really did blow flames.  Obviously there was a short which could happen with any electrical product but it was the way that the company responded that I had to give the rating of 4 stars when previously I only give it 1.  I really do like this dryer and how my hair looks and feels afterwards which is very different from other dryers that are no ionic.  Plus it dries my hair super fast without drying it out.<br /><br />PREVIOUS REVIEW:  Bought this dryer 4 months ago even though I read the bad reviews as well as the good ones and was concerned but figured it was a good brand name. i only use a hair dryer at most 2x/wk. Last night I was using the dryer on my wet hair and flames and sparks started shooting out of it!!! Thank God my hair was wet and didn't have any flammable product in it. I showed it to my boyfriend who suggested that I contact consumer affairs for Remington, which I just did. Since it has been over 30 days I can no longer return the appliance to Amazon. I have had many hair dryers and most of the time they have just worn out after a year or 2 but this was just scary.<br /><br />1/18/13 - Almost 1 year later... and still working perfectly.  In fact, I bought another dryer in the interim, waiting for the new Remington and paid a pretty penny for the new one.  I used both multiple times, trading off one for the other. I found that I prefer the Remington over the other more expensive name brand dryer. The Remington does not leave my hair fly away and seems to give it a nice sheen (is that possible?). It drys my hair better and more evenly.mington over the other more expensive name brand dryer. The Remington does not leave my hair fly away and seems to give it a nice sheen (is that possible?). It drys my hair better and more evenly.
