UPDATE: Yes i too had the door latch button melt and it does not function any longer it actually was replaced within the 1st year under warranty but now this has happened again a second time and i was only boiling water on the front burner, i see no use in paying for a second repair since i am currently using a pen to pop the door open i will of course have to replace the whole microwave in the near future & i will be soooo happy when i finally do i can't wait to ditch this appliance what a waste. next time I'm choosing a regular handle not a push button latch. Live & Learn   don't they test these designs in practical applications before releasing them to the consumer.....won't be buying anything from sharp company any time soon.   I purchased this microwave to replace a countertop model (emerson proffesional) stainless steel, I needed a spacesaving feature plus vent for stove and wanted stainless steel to match my other stainless steel appliances.  I purchased it from Amazon for $275. lowest price I could find and am currently waiting on a $30.rebate from sharp so for the price its not a bad deal.  It has no handle that makes it sleek looking and the control panel is hidden behind the door not used to having to set controls before closing door but it makes cleaning easier.  My countertop model was of higher quality stainless steel and i only paid $100. for it (on all sides) not just the front like this model  I installed this unit to vent vertically outside the damper is a bit flimsy but hopefully its been tested by sharp for reliability.  Exhaust fan unit detects heat from stove and automatically operates, unit is a bit noisy on either hi or low setting,wish it was quieter.The light has hi and low settings either is bright enough, more of a night light feature.  Overall it work fine and looks good. Not a high end unit but then again not a high end price.  It does have a nice feature that senses when your food is cooked, used it on potatoes which turned out great.At first I was reluctant to purchase this larger appliance that would be shipped through UPS for fear it would arrive damaged but UPS did a fine job with handling.  Rated it 3 stars as unit being average and appearance bearing clean lines which boosted my rating.
