I just installed this item. Be careful with the lag screws provided. They are tin like and do strip out no matter what and cannot be loosened or tightened once the head strips. They require a special flat nose phillips head but that did not help. Buy some quality mounting screws as $ 500.00+ is not enough for GE to include those, and I hope the rest of the unit is not as cheap as the mounting screws. Pollute the planet and make a extra trip to the hardware store. Second, I was leveling the microwave and son of a gun, the magnet on my level stuck to the inside of the unit, which is supposed to be stainless steel. I would still prefer whatever this stuff is to the plastic interior that comes with non-convection. The templates were perfect and put all the screws in the correct locations. You need to order the charcoal filter if you are using the recirculate rather than outside vented feature. To recirculate, you must unscrew 3 screws on top rear and rotate the fan housing 90 degrees before you install the unit. You also need to remove 2 screws on the upper front trim and slide in the filter then replace the trim. My 15 year old did both. You need to butt the top of the unit to the shelf above, or insert trim pieces around the top. If you don't, and let it hang even 1/2 inch, the unit can rise up if hit and fall off the shallow rear flanges that hold it to the back wall bracket and fall onto the new matching GE range. Our cabinets had a wierd from the 1960's lip on one side (I like old school stuff) and I needed to add the trim to prevent falling. The unit powered on and worked once we finished. Will update after a few months of use. I am a licensed electrical and general contractor, so I hope this helps in getting it ready to install. Took my son and I about an hour. The unit looks great in the kitchen. After months of research, it was between this and the Sharp, but this had more power and capacity, and there was not a Sharp in any showroom for QC comparison. Hope itwas the correct choice.
